Below are rules for identifying anti-pattern queries on .sql files:
1. Query with sql_variant data type
2. Query with Unicode data types like nchar and nvarchar as it take twice as much storage space compared to ASCII data types like char and varchar
3. Query with BIT column only when multiple BITs in use
4. Query using Varchar(max) only if data length > 8000 
5. Query with data less than 4, should use char / nchar
6. Every tables should have a unique and unchangeable primary key. 
7. The primary key of a table should be a single column. Otherwise, it is an anti-pattern. 
8. The preferred data type of the primary key is UNIQUEIDENTIFIER. This guarantees uniqueness across servers and development environments. Uniqueidentifier a good compromise between performance and avoiding the potential management pitfalls. Otherwise, it is an anti-pattern. 
9. Always access XML data type using the SQLXML data type, and NOT using a SQL String type variable. Otherwise, it is an anti-pattern. 
10. Use Nullable column as per actual needs. By default, a column content should be Mandatory. Only if it is a business requirement that a column may be empty, it can be defined as Nullable. Otherwise, it is an anti-pattern. 
11. Foreign key columns cannot be nullable. Otherwise, it is an anti-pattern. 
12. Columns used as search criteria should not be nullable. Otherwise, it is an anti-pattern. 
13. As a general rule, it is advised to NOT use any triggers. Any exception to this rule must be based on a business-critical requirement, and approved by the database administrator. Otherwise, it is an anti-pattern. 
14. Queries must not use table name or column name using SQL reserved words  
15. Table must have index. Having no indexes means it is an anti-pattern. 
16. SQL query with no index supporting WHERE clause columns
17. Table on DDL but not in use on any queries
18. Usage of Unqualified joins
19. Query using wildcard pattern (e.g. SELECT *)
20. Query with SELECT statement without WHERE
21. Query wuth SELECT statement with NOT, <>, != syntax
22. Query with SELECT INTO statement with ORDER BY
23. Query with SELECT TOP(1) statement without ORDER BY
24. Query with SELECT statement to assign a variable
25. Query with UPDATE statement but without WHERE  
26. Query with sp_ naming prefix
27. Query with fn_ naming prefix
28. Query with usage of function on column in predicate
28. Query with usage of function on column in JOIN predicate 
28. Query with UDF usage in output list
28. Query with usage of LIKE predicate with leading wildcard (%_)
28. Query with SELECT table statement within a WHILE
28. Query with INSERT statement without specifying column
29. Query with unused input parameter
29. Query with unused local variable
29. Query with usage of query hint
29. Query returning more than 200 records
29. Query with usage of Dynamic SQL on application side
29. Query with usage of View with ORDER BY
30. Query with usage of CURSOR leads to RBAR behaviour
